Jason Hendrik 
50 ideas. (For Processing Projects)


1. Drone music generator based on keyword web-based search
2. Video texture material to particles creation tool
3. Video to vector art image processor
4. 1 pixel per user per day collaborative Network art creation
5. Sunset and skyline image generator based on hard drive contents and file sizes
6. 3D Tree creation tool based on portrait face images Forest accumulation.
7. Crowd based collaboration mosaic making
8. A virtual neural network sandbox
9. A magic mirror with internet based AI
10. Build (or add to) a library for basic 3D
11. Building three dimensional paint brush tool
12. Explorative tool about the 6 (six) basic machines
13. A plant growing program with graphic plants and flowers
14. A visual and audio program whose intention is to irritate and annoy with reference to anti loitering techniques
15. Alive video effect that lets you oil paint with the pixels
16. Build and develop a robot Vision Library
17. Make game based on Old Maze Game using gravity and spheres
18. Make a video FX library or tool set for dancers
19. Create a game using five basic logic elements that when put together can create complex shapes or visuals
20. Create an idea generator (word smasher) with some form of complexity
21. Monsters eating food. you are what you eat game
22. A biosphere making simulation game as an homage to Buckminster Fuller
23. Particle based visualization mapping birth and death rates per country per year
24. Creating mold and fungus like image deterioration and erosion effects and process.
25. Make a video synthesizer *with GUI
26. Extreme sports Kayak and waterfall game
27. And educational game explaining secondary, tertiary and complementary colors
28. Matching game for sound and graphics
29. Eye-light therapy for VR headgear
30. Ambient and relaxational colors, visuals.. (phys. lights)  controlled by smooth music. For therapy
31. Interactive text for projection controlled by either your phone or your body movement
32. Making a collective flower garden online and sharing a flower making tool
33. Create a digital priest and confessional box
34. An audio-visual experience that changes based on the time of day month and year
35. A digital heliostat for the prediction of server rotations for future sculpture
36. Live video process to convert Edge detection 2 single cell strobe pixels for water stasis project.
37. A simple graphics game whose intention is to show the futility of compounding internet “social” activity and time spent away from our immediate relationships.
38. Make a “photobooth” that makes mix-n-match characters from body parts
39. Create an art-history puzzle game using online data and content
40. Glitch Art and Noise experience that varies depending on your, IP and time of day.
41. Mindscape. Travel using your brain (using head sensor) through a GL world. VR?
42. Dispersed collectivity. A state machine, that lives online, shows you where it was last “changed” from... and can be manipulated by anyone in the world…. 
43. An individual instrument based color selection algorithm for bands and musicians playing together controlling colored lights or screens.
44. Interactive projection visuals for orchestra conductors
45. Make an oddly specific Magic 8-Ball with user-generated content
46. Create a heads-up display interactive Graphics library for pre-existing robotics Library.
47. Glitch art experience that only changes with sound input. Using spectral data to make visuals.
48. “We are One” networked FPS. multiple users need to act together to play the game. Thinking as one.
49. Dancing beans. Teach the beans to dance with your mouse!
50. Program that returns the average color from image or video to RGB curves with subdivision up to 1:1 pixel ratio. where: 1:1920x1080 = 1 RGB curves & 1:1 = 2073600 RGB curves
